Holy jumping mother o' god in a side-car with chocolate jimmies and a lobster bib!Sweet mother of mercy in a toboggan!
Holy jumpin' saints-a-plenty riding side-wise on a candy-pink fat-boy!
Great gouts of steaming magma on a beeline for the orphanage!
Sweet mother of double jeopardy backstroking in butterscotch!
Holy cap-wearing catfish flopping a crime beat!
Sweet suffering saint Sebastian on the sousaphone in a short story by Susan Sontag!
Great grinning head of John the Baptist in a porkpie hat stuffed in a rhinestone bowling bag!
By the Greek goddess Selene in a chariot with dual overhead cams and "Silver Foxx" mudflaps!
Gin-running George A. Romero in a baby doll t-shirt outside the food court with a $34 gift certificate!
Holy jumping weasel fritters on a hot cross bun!
Holy mother of pearl in a side car going 80!
Sister Mary Francis in low heels walking away!
Sweet mother of all things hairy and disgusting!
Great thundering jellyfish on the squishy road to mayhem!
Sweet alligator dentures soaking in formaldehyde!
Sweet carbonated beverages in a pig trough!
Jumping vehicular homicide!
Holy brains in a blender!
Sweet rodent eating disorders!
Holy underpants draped to the mast of a sinking pork rind freighter!
Great suffering lab rats!
Holy two-timing tap dancers stomping sour mash in a mink-lined arthropod trap!
Sweet jellyfish paste on a stick!
Sweet mother of all quiz show scandals!
Holy chipmunk arias warbling out of a souped-up 78-speed turntable!
Holy mace-wielding minotaur kings!
Holy domesticated ursines!
Holy cow!
Holy highway hotpants!
Sweet second mortgages on a summer home.
Sweet mother of bleary-eyed gambling addiction!
Curdled goat's milk on a warm summer day!
Sweet ptomaine!
Holy fat-free carp on a skewer!
Holy modern technology gone horribly horribly awry!
Holy heaping helpings of high fructose corn syrup!
He's crazier than a caffeine-addled dingo in an Adelaide maternity ward!
By the sacred sideburns of Isaac Asimov!
Holy knuckle-cracking Kringles on a bullet train with a sack full of ketchup-covered cheese logs!
By the ruby-red goiters of Rube Goldberg!
Mighty Kamehameha doing doughnuts in a splintered paddleboat!
Bloody-nosed Euclid doing the Eucharist on a nitro-burning catamaran!
Rampaging Roy Neary with a meat and two sides!
Sweet mother of mole sauce!
Heaping helpings of Tachyons in a gravy boat at the grand duchess' bat-mitzvah!
Great transmorgifying vapor wolves of Rigel 17 on a booster rocket through the Van Allen Belt!
Holy...!
Holy heaping helpings of Herodotus on base with Marshall stacks and a wah-wah pedal!